CIA Interrupts
--------------

There are five sources of interrupts on the 6526:
- underflow from TIMER A 
- underflow from TIMER B
- TOD ALARM
- Serial Port full/empty 
- /FLAG. 

CIA 1 Interrupts are IRQ interrupts (connected to the CPU IRQ line)
CIA 2 Interrupts are NMI interrupts (connected to the CPU NMI line)

The Interrupt Control Register (ICR) (0xd_0d)
---------------------------------------------

The ICR provides masking (on write) and interrupt information (on read).

The Interrupt Control Register consists of a write-only MASK register and a read-only DATA register. 

Any interrupt will set the corresponding bit in the DATA register. 

Any interrupt which is enabled by the MASK register will set the IR bit (MSB) of the DATA register and bring the /IRQ pin low. 

In a multi-chip system, the IR bit can be polled to detect which chip has generated an interrupt request. 

The interrupt DATA register is cleared and the /IRQ line returns high following a read of the DATA register. 

Since each interrupt sets an interrupt bit regardless of the MASK, and each interrupt bit can be selectively masked to prevent
the generation of a processor interrupt, it is possible to intermix polled interrupts with true interrupts.

Polling the IR bit will cause the DATA register to clear.

When writing to the Mask:
- if bit 7 (SET/CLEAR) of data written is a ZERO, any mask bit written with a ONE will be cleared, while those mask bits written with a ZERO will be unaffected. 
- If bit 7 of the data written is a ONE, any mask bit written with a ONE will be set, while those mask bits written with a ZERO will be unaffected. 

In order for an interrupt flag to set IR and generate an Interrupt Request, the corresponding MASK bit must be set

Read: (Bit0..4 = INT DATA, Origin of the interrupt)
Bit 0: 1 = Underflow Timer A
Bit 1: 1 = Underflow Timer B
Bit 2: 1 = Time of day and alarm time is equal
Bit 3: 1 = SDR full or empty, so full byte was transferred, depending of operating mode serial bus
Bit 4: 1 = IRQ Signal occured at FLAG-pin (cassette port Data input, serial bus SRQ IN)
Bit 5..6: always 0
Bit 7: 1 = IRQ An interrupt occured, so at least one bit of INT MASK and INT DATA is set in both registers.

Write: (Bit 0..4 = INT MASK, Interrupt mask)
Bit 0: 1 = Interrupt release through timer A underflow
Bit 1: 1 = Interrupt release through timer B underflow
Bit 2: 1 = Interrupt release if clock=alarmtime
Bit 3: 1 = Interrupt release if a complete byte has been received/sent.
Bit 4: 1 = Interrupt release if a positive slope occurs at the FLAG-Pin.
Bit 5..6: unused
Bit 7: Source bit. 0 = set bits 0..4 are clearing the according mask bit. 1 = set bits 0..4 are setting the according mask bit. If all bits 0..4 are cleared, there will be no change to the mask.


